# webdevlopment
According to a report, up to 40 per cent of the food produced in India is bound to get wasted. About 21 million tons of India’s entire wheat produce are wasted and 50 per cent of all the food across the world meets the same fate. Such a situation raises a concern that food ‘never reaches the needy’. In fact, according to the agriculture ministry, Rs 50,000 crores worth of food produced is wasted every year in the country. Over 20 Crores of people sleep hungry every night. Over 7000 people die of hunger every day.  Food Rescue is the idea which we got by seeing the lot food which is waste our Surroundings. The usable food from our surroundings such as parties, functions, grocers, restaurants and other food industries are wasting the food every day. We also noticed that the fruits and vegetables which are wasted in our surroundings because if the fruit or the vegetable is not in shape for the super markets, but they are good to consume. Because of the only reason it’s not in the stipulated dimensions it has been thrown away from in the farm.  By seeing the food which is getting waste we have come up with an idea. To build the system which helps to get the usable food which is wasted to one place. Then the nearby volunteers can reach out to them and get the food and to serve the needy.  This project consists of a register module, in which the donors can register themselves in order to access the application, Login module in which the authenticated users are allowed to access the application every time they try to access the application, donation module for donating the food and admin module for checking the donated food details and to track them.  Getting the usable food to one place helps the organization to make use of that food and give the person who is not able to get the food. 
